Update Readme (#2)
alpic-ai/skybridge: README.md

## Installation

```bash
pnpm add skybridge
```

## Packages

### skybridge/server

The `skybridge/server` package is a drop-in replacement of the `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` official `McpServer` class with extra features for widget development. If you're already using the `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk`, you can simply replace your `McpServer` import with `skybridge/server` and you're good to go.

### skybridge/web

The `skybridge/web` package is a react library with hooks and components to build widgets on the underlying _OpenAI iFrame skybridge_ runtime.

**Vite plugin**

The `skybridge/web` package comes with a Vite plugin that allows you to build your widgets as regular Vite apps.

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "vite";
import { skybridge } from "skybridge/web";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [skybridge()],
});
```

## Migrate your existing MCP server to a ChatGPT app

If you're already using the `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` to build a MCP server, you can migrate to a ChatGPT app by following these steps:

1. Replace your `McpServer` import from `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` with the same import from `skybridge/server`

> 2. Create a new node project named `web` and install the `skybridge` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new vite project in a folder named `web` and install the `skybridge` package
```
